the UN Secretary General said it's not
enough for Israel to admit to killing
seven International Aid workers with
World Central Kitchen the cenal problem
is not who made the mistakes it is the
military strategy and procedures in
place that allow for those mistakes to
multiply time and time again at an
emergency security council meeting to
address threats to Aid workers and
increasing levels of hunger in Gaza the
Palestinian Envoy rejected Israel's
claims the strike on the aid Convoy was
a mistake Israel is targeting those that
the laws of war were established to
protect save the children who briefed
the Council on the experiences of
humanitarians trying to prevent famine
rejected Israel's claims they are trying
to protect civilians stop pretending
that protection of civilians is
prioritized here we are overwhelmed with
impediments human life is not being
prioritized not the lives of civilians
of children and certainly not the lives
of
humanitarians some council members said
Israel's practices leading to starvation
are intentional the strategy of
collective punishment that is being
inflicted on the Palestinian people has
incorporated starvation as a method of
warfare one un official suggested
Military Support to Israel should be
conditioned on their compliance with
international human humanitarian law and
all member states can and must use their
leverage to prevent and stop violations
of international human law through
diplomatic and economic pressure
conditioning arms exports and compliance
with the rules of law with the rules of
war and cooperation in combating
impunity no action was taken at this
meeting that wasn't its intent instead
council members unanimously agreed that
those who provide humanit in relief to
those starving in armed conflict deserve
to be protected and not targeted Gabriel
zando Al jazer at the United Nations in
New York